A fluffy baby sloth with a knitted hat trying to figure out a laptop, close up, highly detailed, studio lighting, screen reflecting in its eyes.
A pyramid made of falafel with a partial solar eclipse in the background.
A horse riding an astronaut.
New York Skyline with 'Deep Learning' written with fireworks on the sky.
A zebra underneath a broccoli.
A realistic photo of a Pomeranian dressed up like a 1980s professional wrestler with neon green and neon orange face paint and bright green wrestling tights with bright orange boots.
A donkey and an octopus are playing a game. The donkey is holding a rope on one end, the octopus is holding onto the other. The donkey holds the rope in its mouth. A cat is jumping over the rope.
A yellow and black bus cruising through the rainforest.
A triangular pink stop sign. A pink stop sign in the shape of a triangle.
A car playing soccer, digital art.
A storefront with 'Google Research Pizza Cafe' written on it.
A blue coloured pizza.
A domesticated carnivvorous mzammal that typicbally hfaas a lons sfnout, an acxujte sense off osmell, noneetractaaln crlaws, anid xbarkring,y howlingu, or whining rvoiche.
A separate seat for one person, typically with a back and four legs.
A red colored dog.
A painting by Grant Wood of an astronaut couple, american gothic style.
A large thick-skinned semiaquatic African mammal, with massive jaws and large tusks.
A pizza on the right of a suitcase.
A medieval painting of the wifi not working.
A sign that says 'Text to Image'.
A spider with a moustache bidding an equally gentlemanly grasshopper a good day during his walk to work.
A red car and a white sheep.
A grocery store refrigerator has pint cartons of milk on the top shelf, quart cartons on the middle shelf, and gallon plastic jugs on the bottom shelf.
A couch on the left of a chair.
A large motor vehicle carrying passengers by road, typically one serving the public on a fixed route and for a fare.
A train on top of a surfboard.
A small blue book sitting on a large red book.
A magnifying glass over a page of a 1950s batman comic.
A red book and a yellow vase.
A cube made of brick. A cube with the texture of brick.
A fisheye lens view of a turtle sitting in a forest.
A long curved fruit which grows in clusters and has soft pulpy flesh and yellow skin when ripe.
A storefront with 'Hello World' written on it.
A ldarge keybord msical instroument lwith a woden case enmclosig a qsouvnkboajrd and mfgtal strivgf, which are strucrk b hammrs when the nels are depresdsmed.f lhe strsingsj' vibration ie stopped by damperds when the keys re released and can bce regulavewdd for lengh and vnolume y two or three pedalvs.
A 1960s yearbook photo with animals dressed as humans.
A black colored banana.
A machine resembling a human being and able to replicate certain human movements and functions automatically.
A tiger in a lab coat with a 1980s Miami vibe, turning a well oiled science content machine, digital art.
A sheep to the right of a wine glass.
A cross-section view of a brain.
A pear cut into seven pieces arranged in a ring.
A blue cup and a green cell phone.
A keyboard made of water, the water is made of light, the light is turned off.
A storefront with 'NeurIPS' written on it.
A small domesticated carnivorous mammal with soft fur, a short snout, and retractable claws. It is widely kept as a pet or for catching mice, and many breeds have been developed.
A real life photography of super mario, 8k Ultra HD.
A pink colored giraffe.
A banana on the left of an apple.
A church with stained glass windows depicting a hamburger and french fries.
A stack of 3 cubes. A red cube is on the top, sitting on a red cube. The red cube is in the middle, sitting on a green cube. The green cube is on the bottom.
A hair drier underneath a sheep.
A photo of a confused grizzly bear in calculus class.
A white colored sandwich.
A maglev train going vertically downward in high speed, New York Times photojournalism.
A cat on the right of a tennis racket.
A side view of an owl sitting in a field.
A photocopy of a photograph of a painting of a sculpture of a giraffe.
A green apple and a black backpack.
A device consisting of a circular canopy of cloth on a folding metal frame supported by a central rod, used as protection against rain or sometimes sun.
A blue bird and a brown bear.
A laptop on top of a teddy bear.
A sign that says 'Google Brain Toronto'.
A triangular orange picture frame. An orange picture frame in the shape of a triangle.
A baby fennec sneezing onto a strawberry, detailed, macro, studio light, droplets, backlit ears.
A black colored car.
A couple of glasses are sitting on a table.
A storefront with 'Diffusion' written on it.
A sign that says 'Hello World'.
A white car and a red sheep.
A green colored banana.
An elephant is behind a tree. You can see the trunk on one side and the back legs on the other.
A stop sign on the right of a refrigerator.
A black apple and a green backpack.
A panda making latte art.
A pink colored car.
A brown colored giraffe.
A sign that says 'NeurIPS'.
A car on the left of a bus.
An ancient Egyptian painting depicting an argument over whose turn it is to take out the trash.
A triangular purple flower pot. A purple flower pot in the shape of a triangle.
Hovering cow abducting aliens.

