A red colored car.
A black colored dog.
A green colored banana.
A white colored sandwich.
A pink colored giraffe.
A red car and a white sheep.
A green apple and a black backpack.
A yellow book and a red vase.
A blue cup and a green cell phone.
A black apple and a green backpack.
A horse riding an astronaut.
A shark in the desert.
An elephant under the sea.
A panda making latte art.
A fish eating a pelican.
One car on the street.
Three dogs on the street.
Two cats and three dogs sitting on the grass.
Three cats and one dog sitting on the grass.
Two cars on the street.
A triangular purple flower pot.
A cube made of brick.
An illustration of a large red elephant sitting on a small blue mouse.
A stack of 3 plates.
A fisheye lens view of a turtle sitting in a forest.
A vehicle composed of two wheels held in a frame one behind the other, propelled by pedals and steered with handlebars attached to the front wheel.
A connection point by which firefighters can tap into a water supply.
A device consisting of a circular canopy of cloth on a folding metal frame supported by a central rod, used as protection against rain or sometimes sun.
A small domesticated carnivorous mammal with soft fur, a short snout, and retractable claws.
A machine resembling a human being and able to replicate certain human movements and functions automatically.
Paying for a quarter-sized pizza with a pizza-sized quarter.
An oil painting of a couple in formal evening wear going home get caught in a heavy downpour with no umbrellas.
An elephant is behind a tree. You can see the trunk on one side and the back legs on the other.
A donkey and an octopus are playing a game.
Tcennis rpacket.
Bzaseball galove.
A sjmall domesticated carnivorious mammnal with sof fuh,y a sthort sout, and retracwtablbe flaws.
A train on top of a surfboard.
A giraffe underneath a microwave.
A banana on the left of an apple.
A cat on the right of a tennis racket.
A zebra to the right of a fire hydrant.
Acersecomicke.
Peristeronic.
A baby fennec sneezing onto a strawberry, detailed, macro, studio light, droplets, backlit ears.
A medieval painting of the wifi not working.
Lego Arnold Schwarzenegger.
A realistic photo of a Pomeranian dressed up like a 1980s professional wrestler.
A pyramid made of falafel with a partial solar eclipse in the background.
A storefront with 'Hello World' written on it.
A storefront with 'Diffusion' written on it.
A sign that says 'Text to Image'.
New York Skyline with 'Deep Learning' written with fireworks on the sky.
A storefront with 'Google Research Pizza Cafe' written on it.
A sign that says 'NeurIPS'.

